Non a cloud architecture explainer, and documentation index. (#389)
transparency-dev/tesseract: README.md

welcoming contributions and requests for additional backend implementations.
If you're interested, [come and talk to us](#-contact)!

### Can I run TesseraCT off GCP or AWS?

At the moment, this is not officially supported. If you're interesting in

> running off GCP or AWS, [read this](./docs/architecture/NONCLOUD.md) and [reach out](#-contact)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running off GCP or AWS, [read this](./docs/architecture/NONCLOUD.md) and [get in touch](#-contact)!
```
